node module that starts with @ signs are called scoped packages, and
this makes it clear which packages are 'official' and which ones are 
not. for example @angular, you know it's published by angular team
@nomicfoundation is team that created hardhat

scripts folder: is where we adding any of our scripts that we want to
write like deploying contracts, interacting with contracts etc.

test folder: testing our smart contract (very important)

harhat.config.js: entry point of all the scripts that we write, it's
the configuration file that determines how the rest of our code is 
going to work and interact with the blockchain

yarn hardhat node: to get all the acount we can accessible

yarn hardhat compile: compile the project, after we enter compile,
we got cache directory which is a quick way to access the solidity files.
and we also get a artifacts folder, that contains all the info about our
compiled code

"yarn hardhat run scripts/deploy.js" run this command to execute a scripts in hardhat

hardhat has defaultNetwork that helps user to debug and deploy thier contract, and it 
automatically comes up with an RPC URL AND a Private Key 
We can set what network we want use through hardhat.config.js file or we can use the command line
command: "yarn hardhat run scripts/deploy.js --network hardhat" 
"yarn hardhat run scripts/deploy.js --network sepolia"

after writing your tasks, you need to add it to the hardhat.config.js.
after your added it into hardhat.config.js file, you can type:
"yarn hardhat" in the terminal, and you will see the task you writed
in the console.

scripts and tasks both can basically do the same thing, they both can 
interact with contracts, they both can deploy smart contracts,
they can both pretty much do everything. i prefer scripts just as
general rule of thumb, because i don't always think adding 
special thing from the command line make sense.
Task are nice in specific use-case.
Tasks are better for plug-in and scripts are better for local development

run "yarn hardhat node" to interact with our contract after deployment
set localhost variable in the networks section to interact with hardhat

Hardhat console: javascript enviroment to us to run javascript command 
to interact with any blockchain, we can jump to the console by 
running "yarn hardhat console --network localhost/anyTestNetWork"

to clean cache and the artifacts directory, we can run: "yarn hardhat clean"

test with modern programming language: more flexibility
twst with solidity: you stay more close to the code

"yarn hardhat test --grep store" run the specific test function 
only with the keyword "store" in the description.
or we can "it.only()" add .only() behind the function and the
test will run only on this test

add GasReporter to hardhat.config.js and when you run the test,
it will tell how approximately how much our contracts and
methods cost， and adding coinmarketcap to know the the cost in usd.

solidity coverage: plugin in hardhat, it's a project that goes
through all of our tests and sees exactly how many lines of code
in our contract are actually covered.
After add the coverage, we can use: "yarn hardhat coverage" to see
the coverage.

for all the contract.address it's deprecated, use contract.target instead!